The Joe Rogan experience.
Left the view, by the way she left the view. She's free to be on your show.
Now we wish her. Well, imagine you as her on your show, I would love to.
Interview her as her, but I think there's, there's.
Such a small chance, small chance. So you're saying there's a chance going.
To happen? Yes, there is a chance, but it's not big. What if.
I helped her? What if I was there? What if I was there like as a moderator.
Any you want to organize it I'll show up. I would do it.
I absolutely. But you and her together on this show.
I don't think I should do it the whole time,
but I think it would be fun to interview her for five minutes and then say,
Hey Megan, I get it. I also hate Troy bay hearts. So I don't love you,
but I also hate that squawking bird. So I hate the whole thing. And frankly,
that show, you want to talk about a show that set women back is the view.
You want to talk a bit that shut the CIA is engineering, uh, you know,
at T fun the capital ride,
some crazy misogynist engineered the view because there's
nothing worse than the view in terms of like,
there are so many brilliant women out there, none of them are on the view.
None of them have gone near the set of the view. I mean,
they have brought in the lowest tier, uh, of, of, of the, what is it?
The Y chromosome, no.
WX.
Of books. They brought in the lowest of the double axis for that one. It's.
Rough. Yeah.
Did you watch the episode with Tulsi gabber gun to defend herself and joy?
Bihar starts panicking, going over her notes while Tulsi is refuting.
Everything that she said.
Yeah. I mean tripping. It was like, again, these people have dementia.
These are people who like, should not be allowed out of the house.
They have a national platform. I mean, it is crazy.
They have no idea. These people had never read like a book.
And there's versions of it less than the other one with Sharon Osborne. Yeah.
Well w what did Sharon? She said something racially insensitive.
Said that she doesn't like, I don't, I think she said,
why is Pierce Morgan racist? I don't even think it was that bad.
She's friends appears Morgan. Right? Yeah.
And she goes to the thing that makes me pause is Sheryl. Underwood is cool as.
I know Cheryl under no, any of them, but she's cool as. I know her forever.
I did Montreal comedy festival with her back in the day. She's hilarious.
Stand-up I know.
That. She's great. Cause I know people that know her, but I never, she.
Murders. She goes on stage with her purse. Yeah. Yeah. She's funny.
Really funny. Yeah. Really funny and cool as. So if she doesn't like her,
I got to go, man. You know what I mean? Yeah.
There's probably something there. There's.
Probably something there. I don't know.
But I remember when she was making fun of the guy who got his Dick chopped off
and the wife threw it in the blender or threw it in the garbage disposal and she
was laughing about what it must have looked like a he's running around.
No one wants stats. She's not anybody's.
Choice.
Crazy thing to laugh at a guy getting his Dick chopped off and someone
throw like he's getting mutilated. Yeah. His humanity is taken from him.
His manhood is literally getting grounded and she thought it was funny.
But again,
people think things are funny because they don't think about the person they're
making fun of you and are both guilty do in the course as comics. Absolutely.
But that one was like, particularly like.
You're like, wow, we'll just, it was started to view.
And then they have all these ones they like to talk. Yeah. You know,
and it's just slidable and then everyone gets like C list and then D list.
And then they're like resurrecting sitcom stars from the eighties. They're like,
what are you thinking about Palestine? It's like, what are we doing here? Right.
We don't need any of these people's opinions.
It's it's a weird thing, man. Like Sherri shepherd.
She used to be on the views. Well, she's really nice too. She was at the store.
She was always cool as. I'm sure. They're all nice. She was really nice.
Sherri shepherd is a really nice lady. And she's also like super religious.
Like she's a God fearing Christian woman like full stop. Yeah.
I just, I can, I suggest to think for the view, this is a suggested I have men,
no.
Chance.
Just men on the show, but women.
And watch it. See, that's the thing it's like,
it's a lot of it is women that are home, right? During that time at airs.
During the.
I know if he'd put the women in the audience and the men discuss the issues,
this is just an idea I have for ABC corporate. Well,
clearly one woman serve everyone drinks and give her a
quick opinion quick in and out. Just the guys go back, just go. She goes,
she walks in. She goes, yeah. Israel seems like it's a go. Thanks.
And then they keep going. I think that's a happy medium. Why doesn't the.
View? Have any trans women on it? Great.
Point. It has a lot of women that look trans, but none of them,
it has a lot of second and third takes after a drink. He'd go, huh.
But it doesn't have a ton of yeah, it's zero. I agree.
It should be all trans women imagined the best era of the view.
And I've talked about it before was when Rosie O'Donnell was talking about
building seven. Yeah. That was the bed that I watched. And I was back in that.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free, only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan express.